Prepare Release 2.8.2 (#4845)
open-formulieren/open-forms: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

> 2.8.2 (2024-11-25)
> ==================
> 
> Regular bugfix release.
> -----------------------
> 
> * [:backend:`4732`] Fixed CSP issues for Expoints/other analytics.
> * [:backend:`4745`] Fixed missing registration variable to the Objects API with all
>   the attachment URLs.
> * [:backend:`4810`] Fixed uppercase component variable values turing lowercase.
>   There are manual actions required.
> * [:backend:`4823`] Fixed uploaded files with leading or trailing whitespaces in the
>   filename.
> * [:backend:`4727`] Fixed crash when a user defined variable was changed to an array
>   datatype.
> 
> Features
> --------
> 
> * [:backend:`4320`] Treat PDF confirmation page content differently depending on cosign status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.8.2 (2024-11-25)
==================

Regular bugfix release

.. warning:: Manual intervention required
    
    We fixed a bug that would mess with the default values of selectboxes components.
    A script is included to fix the forms that are affected - you need to run this
    after deploying the patch release.

    .. code-block:: bash

        # in the container via ``docker exec`` or ``kubectl exec``:
        python src/manage.py /app/bin/fix_selectboxes_component_default_values.py

    Alternatively, you can also manually open and save all the affected forms in the
    admin interface.

**Bugfixes**

* [:backend:`4732`] Fixed CSP issues for Expoints and Govmetric analytics.
* [:backend:`4745`] Fixed missing registration variable to the Objects API with all
  the attachment URLs.
* [:backend:`4810`] Fixed uppercase component variable values turing lowercase. See the
  remark above for additional instructions.
* [:backend:`4823`] Fixed uploaded files with leading or trailing whitespaces in the
  filename.
* [:backend:`4727`] Fixed crash when a user defined variable was changed to an array
  datatype.
* [:backend:`4320`] Fixed ambiguous langugage in the summary PDF when the submission 
  still requires cosigning.
```
